{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31506\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f2\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f2\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\f40\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 020b0609020204030204}Consolas;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f61\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}{\f61\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f62\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}
{\f64\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f65\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f66\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f67\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}
{\f68\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f69\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\f441\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Consolas CE;}{\f442\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Consolas Cyr;}
{\f444\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Consolas Greek;}{\f445\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Consolas Tur;}{\f448\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Consolas Baltic;}{\f449\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Consolas (Vietnamese);}
{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}
{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}
{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}
{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \f31506\fs22 }{\*\defpap 
\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 
\af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f31506\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f31506\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused Normal Table;}{
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs21\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f40\fs21\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext15 \slink16 \sunhideused \styrsid13187385 Plain Text;}{\*\cs16 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs21 \ltrch\fcs0 \f40\fs21 \sbasedon10 \slink15 \slocked \styrsid13187385 Plain Text Char;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid7486848\rsid13187385\rsid15664767}
{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\author word}{\operator word}{\creatim\yr2023\mo2\dy8\hr16\min45}{\revtim\yr2023\mo2\dy8\hr16\min45}{\version2}
{\edmins0}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords8921}{\nofchars50851}{\nofcharsws59653}{\vern107}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1501\margr1502\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont1\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen
\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin360\dgvorigin360\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct\asianbrkrule
\rsidroot15664767\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\usenormstyforlist\noindnmbrts\felnbrelev\nocxsptable\indrlsweleven\noafcnsttbl\afelev\utinl\hwelev\spltpgpar\notcvasp\notbrkcnstfrctbl\notvatxbx\krnprsnet\cachedcolbal \nouicompat \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}
\nofeaturethrottle1\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sectrsid13187385\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13187385 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs21\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f40\fs21\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\insrsid8611411\charrsid13187385 super power: clash of civilizations 
\par (beta)
\par quickstart guide (v1.0)
\par 
\par 
\par author: lincoln_lyf 
\par 
\par 
\par Table of Contents
\par 1. Terms & Policy
\par 2. Features of This Mod
\par 3. Installation
\par 4. Mod Mechanism: General
\par 4-1. Eras & Tech Tree & Policy Tree
\par 4-2. Maps & Resources
\par 4-3. Manpower 
\par 4-4. Consumer Goods
\par 4-5. Electricity
\par 4-6. AI & City-states
\par 5. Mod Mechanism: Development
\par 5-1. Corruption & Public Security 
\par 5-2. City Population Size
\par 5-3. Immigration
\par 5-4. Upgradable Specialists System
\par 5-5. Water Plot Improvements & Terrain Modification
\par 5-6. Orbital Satellites
\par 6. Mod Mechanism: Combat
\par 6-1. Two-Unit-Per-Plot Combat System
\par 6-2. Militia & Specialized Military Units
\par 6-3. Elite Units & Experiential Units
\par 6-4. War Casualties 
\par 6-5 Nuclear Winter
\par 7. Automated Management & Batch Operations
\par 7-1. Automated Cities & Unit Group Control
\par 7-2. Batch Operations for Production and Unit Commands
\par 8. Known Bugs & Future Plans
\par 9. Special Thanks
\par 
\par 1. Terms & Policy
\par 
\par Usage Terms:
\par No guarantees, no warranty. 
\par This mods are provided "as is" with no express or implied warranty for accuracy or suitability. The user assumes all responsibility for use, and all possible problems related.
\par The author shall not be responsible for any physical or mental loss of any kind whatsoever in any way arising from or relating to the use of these mods. Even you have clear evidence it is caused by this mod.
\par Usage of these mods implies acceptance of these terms. Even you don\'a1\'aft read it at all.
\par If you do not agree to these terms, do not use this mod.
\par 
\par Fair Usage Policy: 
\par This mod is free to download and play it for your own personal use or give it to your friends. 
\par You are not allowed to make any financial gain from this mod. It is illegal.
\par You are free and welcome to use any part of this mod and incorporate it into your works.  However you must give the credit and you must not make any financial gain form your works.
\par 
\par (Thanks whoward69 for this Usage Terms and Fair Usage Policy template)
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 2. Features of This Mod
\par 
\par > Missions & design concepts:
\par Super Power: Clash of Civilizations is a Total Conversion Mod of Sid Meier's Civilization V for a better late game experience and realistic modern warfare. 
\par 
\par This is a challenging mod with more complicated systems and advanced difficulties, not an easy mod for \'a1\'b0simple fun\'a1\'b1. It is highly recommended that the player have a good understanding of the mechanisms of Civilization V.
\par 
\par The current is a Beta version. Bugs reports and balance suggestions are welcome.
\par 
\par > The Relationship with Super Power Modpack:
\par 
\par Super Power: Clash of Civilizations (SP:CoC) is a fully upgraded version of Super Power Modpack (SP), a total conversion mod of Sid Meier's Civilization V. The latest version is v5.1.
\par 
\par You can regard SP:CoC as SP 6.0. Howeve
r, SP:CoC is a total conversion of SP itself, which is designed to bring a completely new game experience rather than an improvement of the original game. SP:CoC does NOT support previous saved games of any Super Power Modpack version.
\par 
\par SP:CoC is currently under Beta testing and the current version is 5.7. The final version will be 6.0. However, the current version v5.7 has all game concepts if the final version. There will only be bug fixes and minor balance tweak in the future. 
\par 
\par > New Features:
\par 
\par (1) Exciting late game experience:
\par ? 4 unique components for all 43 Civs: Many modern units and buildings
\par    ? A fully new designed Tech Tree with two new eras: World War Era and Future Era 
\par    ? A fully new designed Policy Tree and Ideologies
\par    ? Plain water plots can be improved
\par    ? Strong terrain modification abilities in the late game
\par    ? Space race: launching orbital satellites for global effects 
\par ? More challenges in the late game from enhanced AI and increasing maintenance cost of your nation
\par 
\par (2) Realistic and challenging domestic affairs:
\par ? 200+ new buildings, wonders and improvements
\par ? Cities will have corruption & public Security issues
\par ? Cities will upgrade by reaching higher population levels, unlocking advanced buildings, wider working distance, but causing pollution and traffic problems 
\par ? New Strategic Resources with global effects: Manpower, Consumer Goods, Electricity
\par ? Move your capital to a new place for a better efficiency
\par ? Move your population inside your cities for a better efficiency
\par ? Nations with a higher Tourism Output will attract international immigrants from other countries 
\par ? Happiness will be more important: affecting tourism output and international immigration 
\par 
\par (3) Enhanced Combat system and ultimate modern warfare:
\par ? 2-unit-per-plot system for units\'a1\'af coordination operations and larger battle scale 
\par ? 100+ new units and promotions
\par ? Highly specialized military units with diverse abilities and cost
\par ? Realistic naval units and air units design, powerful but expensive
\par ? Unique legendary elite & experimental units in real history await you command 
\par ? Workers can turn into militia units for war mobilization or logistics service
\par ? War is dangerous: intensive war will cause population loss and even nuclear winters. 
\par 
\par (4) Comfortable & time-saving game experience
\par ? Fully tweaked game balance: no \'a1\'b0weak\'a1\'b1 civilizations, policies, wonders, units, etc 
\par ? Adaptive difficulty level: AI\'a1\'afs bonus depend on your performance
\par ? Rapid & compact game pace with zero \'a1\'b0garbage time\'a1\'b1
\par ? Automated Management & Batch Operations: control hundreds of cities or units in one-click
\par 
\par 3. Installation
\par 
\par > System Requirements:
\par Your computer should be better than the \'a1\'b0Recommended System Requirements\'a1\'b1 of Civilization V: Brave New World (BNW)
\par * Operating System: Windows? 7/8/10
\par * Processor: 2.4 GHz Quad Core CPU.
\par * Memory: 6 GB RAM.
\par * Hard Disk Space: 8 GB Free.
\par * Video: 512 MB ATI 4800 series or better, 512 MB nVidia 9800 series or better.
\par 
\par Windows XP is NO LONGER compatible due to its supporting DLL: DLL - Various Mod Components by whoward69
\par Mac is NOT compatible currently. 
\par 
\par 
\par > Game Requirements:
\par You must have the latest version of BNW (v1.0.3.279 or v1.0.3.276) to run this mod without compatible issues. BNW versions earlier than v1.0.3.144 are NO LONGER compatible.
\par 
\par 
\par > DLC Requirements:
\par You must have ALL of these DLCs installed to avoid \'a1\'b0error loading font xml\'a1\'b1 issues (the game may still run without CTD but some models or textures will be missing).
\par * Gods & Kings
\par * Brave New World
\par * Civilization and Scenario Pack: Korea
\par 
\par 
\par > Mod Compatibility:
\par Unfortunately, this is a Total Conversion Mod so it is NOT compatible with all kinds of total conversion mods or any mods changing the game balance or mechanism. 
\par These mods are tested to be fully compatible;
\par * Ingame Editor (IGE)  by DonQuiche
\par * Custom Advanced Setup Screen by Gedemon
\par * R.E.D. Modpack  by Gedemon
\par * Quick Turns  by gunstarpl
\par * InfoAddict  by robk
\par * More Great Works  by Loren Sandboe (Qoma)
\par * Music Changer  by Richard Corr
\par * CameraRotation (BNW)  by alpaca, heinous_hat
\par 
\par These mods are NOT compatible 
\par * Any DLL MODs except DLL - Various Mod Components by whoward69
\par * Any MODs changing these Lua files: TopPanel, CultureOverview, UnitPanel , EnemyUnitPanel, ResourceIconManager, InfoTooltipInclude, UnitFlagManager, CityView, CityBannerManager, PuppetCityPopup , AnnexCityPopup, NewEraPopup, CivilopediaScreen
\par * The \'a1\'b0Earth Map\'a1\'b1 come with BNW: may cause lacking resources issues.
\par 
\par These mods can be compatible by modifying conflicting files:
\par 
\par * Enhanced User Interface(EUI)  by bc1:  Sp:Coc has already integrated some EUI elements. You must removing these Lua files from the EUI folder : TopPanel, CultureOverview, UnitPanel , EnemyUnitPanel, Re
sourceIconManager, InfoTooltipInclude, UnitFlagManager, CityView, CityBannerManager, PuppetCityPopup , AnnexCityPopup, NewEraPopup, CivilopediaScreen
\par * New Civilizations mod: Compatible but civilizations with only 2 unique components may cause balance problems. 
\par * YnAEMP  by Gedemon: If you want to play with 34 civilizations, you must use Various DLL mod components - 34 Civs by whoward69 instead: http://www.picknmixmods.com/mods/CivV/DLL/Various%20Mod%20Components%20-%2034%20Civs.html# 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par > Installation Guide:
\par 
\par * Important Note: This MOD requires DLL - Various Mod Components by whoward69 for DLL support. You must install and load DLL - Various Mod Components before using this MOD. Otherwise grievous errors may occur.
\par 
\par * Steam:
\par (1) Subscribe SP:CoC on STEAM
\par (2) Go to WHoward's Pick'N'Mix Mods to download the latest DLL - Various Mod Components (v 88) http://www.picknmixmods.com/mods/CivV/DLL/Various%20Mod%20Components.html 
\par (3) Move the DLL - Various Mod Components (v 88).civ5mod you\'a1\'afve just downloaded, to My Games\\Sid Meier's Civilization 5\\MODS\\
\par 
\par * Manual Installation (Unpacked Version): 
\par (1) Download the \'a1\'b0Super Power Clash of Civilizations .RAR\'a1\'b1 from given file transfer sites
\par (2) Extract the \'a1\'b0Super Power Clash of Civilizations .RAR\'a1\'b1, you will find two folders: \'a1\'b0Super Power Clash of Civilizations (v 6)\'a1\'b1 and DLL - Various Mod Components (v 88).
\par (3) Move them to My Games\\Sid Meier's Civilization 5\\MODS\\ 
\par 
\par 
\par > Loading in game:
\par 
\par * Start a new game/play a new scenario:
\par (1) Start the game, click \'a1\'b0MODS\'a1\'b1. 
\par (2) In the mod lists, find DLL - Various Mod Components (v 88) then check the mark on the right.
\par (3) Find Super Power: Clash of Civilizations(v 6) then check the mark on the right.
\par (4) If you want to load other mods together, such as IGE, check them all.
\par (5) Click \'a1\'b0NEXT\'a1\'b1 on the lower right corner.
\par (6) Click \'a1\'b0Single Player\'a1\'b1. If you also load Custom Advanced Setup Screen together, you are allowed to click \'a1\'b0Multiplayer\'a1\'b1 to play a multiplayer or a hot seat game.
\par (7) Click \'a1\'b0Custom Game\'a1\'b1 and enter the \'a1\'b0Custom Game\'a1\'b1 Menu.
\par (8) Click \'a1\'b0Super Power Modded Single Player Game (Beta)\'a1\'b1 and start you journey!
\par (9) If you want to play a scenario, such as using real start positions in Earth map, click the \'a1\'b0Load Scenario\'a1\'b1 after you selected the map.
\par 
\par * Load a saved modded game
\par (1) Start the game, click \'a1\'b0MODS\'a1\'b1. 
\par (2) Load DLL - Various Mod Components (v 88) and Super Power: Clash of Civilizations(v 6)
\par (3) Click \'a1\'b0NEXT\'a1\'b1 on the lower right corner.
\par (4) Click \'a1\'b0Single Player\'a1\'b1.
\par (5) Click \'a1\'b0Load game\'a1\'b1 and choose the saved game.
\par (6) DO NOT directly load your saved modded game in the main menu, the mods in use may not be loaded correctly. 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 4. Mod Mechanism: General
\par 
\par    4-1. Eras & Tech Tree & Policy Tree
\par * There are 10 Eras in total:
\par Ancient \'a8C Classic \'a8C Mediaeval \'a8C Renaissance \'a8C Industrial \'a8C Modern \'a8C World War \'a8C Atomic \'a8C Information \'a8C Future
\par * The Tech Tree is much longer than BNW, and the relationships between different Techs are closer. 
\par * Early technologies costs are reduced to shorten the length of early-game to spare you more time and energy for the late-game performance and modern warfare.
\par * However, if you prefer early-game experience, you may choose Epic Speed or Marathon Speed.
\par * Each civilization starts with a free technology according to its unique characteristics: 
\par (1) Agricultural civilizations (China, India, etc.) start with Agriculture. 
\par (2) Nomadic civilizations (Mongol, Hun, etc.) start with Hunting. 
\par (3) Naval civilizations (England, Japan, etc.) start with Fishery.
\par 
\par * Tech Details
\par (1) Obsolete Buildings & Historic Buildings
\par * Some Techs will cause certain buildings in your cities become obsolete. They will no longer be allowed to build and their bonuses will be lost. 
\par * When you discovered that technology, your city will automatically build an upgraded version of that obsolete building with no extra cost. 
\par * The old building won\'a1\'aft be removed but become historical buildings.
\par * After you have further Techs, those historical buildings will offer additional Tourism output.
\par * Most unique buildings never become obsolete.
\par 
\par For Example: The Aqueduct will be obsolete after you discover Urbanization in the modern era and its upgraded version: Tap Water System will be built instantly. After you discover Internet, the old Aqueduct will offer +2 Tourism. 
\par    
\par (2) Railroad auto replacement
\par * After discovering Railroad, all roads inside your border will be replaced by railroad automatically to save you some time and energy. 
\par * Roads won\'a1\'aft become obsolete, your worker can still build roads if you want.
\par 
\par (3) Some Techs will improve the civilian\'a1\'afs movement and Workers building speed. 
\par 
\par * The Policy Tree is fully redesigned. Each policy branch has 1-2 new policy available.
\par * Traditional and Liberty are considered as \'a1\'b0Ancient Ideologies\'a1\'b1. They have many powerful policies and will make big difference for your Civ\'a1\'afs early development. However they cannot coexist.
\par * Ideologies can no longer unlocked by building 3 factories but can only by entering the Modern Era. 
\par * Most ideology tenets cannot bring their potentialities into full play until entering the late game. No need to rush!
\par 
\par 
\par    4-2. Maps & Resources
\par 
\par * The minimum distance between cities increased from 3 to 4. 
\par * The maximum working distance for citizens increased from 3 to 5. The default working distance is still 3, but the city will unlock further working range by reaching higher population size levels.
\par * It is highly recommended that you play this mod using larger maps (large or huge) to have a better game experience and AI performance.
\par * It is also highly recommended that you play this mod with maps with more ocean areas, such as \'a1\'b0continents\'a1\'b1 to have a better late game experience for many new naval element and modern naval battles. 
\par 
\par * Strategic resources are much more useful: Iron and horse will still widely used in the late game for building units or happiness buildings. 
\par * Luxury resources details:
\par (1) There are 10+ new luxury resources added to this mod from More Luxuries MOD by Barathor
\par (2) Luxury resources offer different Food, Production or Gold output and Happiness. Luxury resources with lower Happiness will provide higher Food, Production or Gold output while higher Happiness, lower output.
\par (3) You will get 1 extra happiness for every two different Luxury resources in all difficulty levels.
\par 
\par    4-3. Manpower
\par * Military units and world wonders require a certain amount of Manpower to maintain. 
\par 
\par * If you have abundant Manpower (more than 25), the Gold cost for purchasing units and buildings will be reduced due to the lower cost of labor value (maximum -35%, can multiply with other effects). 
\par * Check the \'a1\'b0Gold Status\'a1\'b1 on the Top Panel to see the current discount of purchasing units and buildings brought by abundant manpower.
\par * If the amount of Manpower is changed, it will affect the discount in the next turn.
\par 
\par * Cities will provide lots of Manpower, which is its main source. Cities with larger population sizes will provide more Manpower.
\par * Engineer specialists in your cities will produce a small amount of Manpower. (+2 Manpower per Engineer)
\par * Some buildings will provide a small amount of Consumer Goods on their own.
\par * You may also acquire Manpower from other civilizations by trading or allied city-states.
\par 
\par 
\par    4-4. Consumer Goods
\par * Your people are not statistics, they will consume a certain amount of consumer product in their daily lives. As a result, Consumer Goods are very important. 
\par 
\par * Cities will consume Consumer Goods. Larger cities and cities further away from your Capital will consume more Consumer Goods.
\par * International Trade Units and Settlers also need a certain amount of Consumer Goods to be trained.
\par 
\par * Like Manpower, the amount of Consumer Goods you own will affect the global Happiness of your nation directly by percentage 
\par * If the number of Consumer Goods is negative (lower than 0), your people will be very unhappy due to unable to purchase their daily products and cause huge unhappiness penalty by percentage (from +5% Unhappine
ss to +50% Unhappiness) according to the total number of cities you own. You will receive a warning before the Unhappiness outbreaks. 
\par * On the contrary, if you have abundant Consumer Goods (more than 25), the total unhappiness of your nation will decreas
e by percentage (maximum -50% Unhappiness). What's more, you will also receive a bonus for the income of trade routes (maximum +50%, can multiply with other effects). Both positive effects are scaled according to the total number of cities you own.
\par * Check the \'a1\'b0Happiness Status\'a1\'b1 on the Top Panel to see the current Happiness influenced by the amount of Consumer Goods.
\par * If the amount of Consumer Goods is changed, it will affect the Happiness in the next turn.
\par 
\par * Merchant specialists in your cities will produce lots of Consumer Goods, which is its main source. (+4 Consumer Goods per Merchant, upgradable by certain policies)
\par * Some buildings will provide a small amount of Consumer Goods on their own.
\par * You may also acquire Consumer Goods from other civilizations by trading or allied city-states.
\par * If your Consumer Goods is less than 0, your citizens will automatically go into available merchant slots to provide additional Consumer Goods in cities where \'a1\'b0Manual Specialist Control\'a1\'b1 is disabled. 
\par 
\par 
\par    4-5. Electricity
\par * After entering the Modern Era, the Electricity System will be functional. Electricity is a very important resource in the late-game. A modern civilization cannot survive without enough power supply.
\par 
\par * Almost every post-industrial building requires a certain amount of Electricity to be built. Also, cities will consume Electricity and large cities will consume more.
\par 
\par * If the number of Electricity is negative (lower than 0), you will receive Production and Science penalty by percentage (maximum -50% Production and Science output nationwide) according to the total number of cities you own.
\par * On the contrary, if you have abundant Electricity (more than 25), you will receive Production and Science bonus by percentage (maximum +50%) according to the total number of cities you own.
\par * Check the \'a1\'b0Science Status\'a1\'b1 on the Top Panel to see the current bonus or penalty influenced by the amount of Electricity.
\par 
\par * You can see the current Electricity amount after discovering the Electricity technology. It must be negative \'a8C but don\'a1\'aft get panic, it won\'a1\'af
t cause problems until you entering the Modern Era. You should have plenty of time to build enough Power Plants to fill the energy gap during the Industrial Era.
\par * Power Plants buildings is the only source of Electricity. Be aware that most of the Power Plants buildings will cause Pollution to the city which slow down the population growth.
\par * You may also acquire Electricity from other civilizations by trading or allied city-states.
\par 
\par 
\par    4-6. AI & City-states
\par 
\par * AI\'a1\'afs bonus in high difficulty levels are depended on your performance in the game.
\par * AI NEVER gets free Techs in all difficulty levels. However, AI will get more and more food growth, science, culture, production and spy bonus, or even free Techs and policies discount every time the human player enter a new era or capturing new cities.

\par * AI have less hostility against warmongers in the early game but will be much more aggressive after entering the World War Era.
\par 
\par * Each allied city-states can offer you 4 Horses, Iron, Coal, Oil, Aluminum. Even they don\'a1\'aft have such resources. Try to make good relationship with city-states when the map lack such resources! 
\par * Dollar diplomacy is less effective for buying out city-states. The default Gold gift is only 50% effective than BNW. However you can increase its effect by unlocking policies in Patronage.
\par * Missions offered by city-states can add 100%-200% relationships than BNW. So you should keep an eye out for city-states\'a1\'af missions if you want to form an alliance. 
\par * City-states can only build a limited number of unit (for a faster turn processing and avoiding traffic jams) so they are very fragile when attacked by major Civs. Thus, you should send them military units as gift more often
. Your unit travels to the city-state in only one turn, which means you can send a city-state one unit per turn. 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 5. Mod Mechanism: Development
\par 
\par    5-1. Corruption & Public Security 
\par * The cause of corruption and public security issues:
\par The corruption and public security condition in a city are determined by the distance between the city and your Capital. 
\par 
\par If the city is too far from your Capital it will require more Consumer Goods and suffer from corruption and public security problems, which will cause additional Unhappiness and increase the Culture Cost for applying new Policies.
\par 
\par Thus, cities in this mod will NOT cause the same value of Unhappiness and Culture Cost for applying new Policies.
\par 
\par * City Hall Level:
\par Each non-capital annexed city you own has a special building: City Hall, representing your local government. The City Hall Levels indicate this city's corruption and public security condition.
\par 
\par Note: 
\par D = Number of plots between this city and your Capital
\par M = Number of plots of map width
\par 
\par (1) City Level Lv1: (D < 7) 
\par * -2 Gold for Maintenance
\par * -2 Consumer Goods
\par * +2 extra Unhappiness
\par * +4 Manpower
\par * +5% Culture cost for new Policies 
\par 
\par (2) City Level Lv2: (D <M/8, 14 at least)
\par * -4 Gold for Maintenance
\par * -4 Consumer Goods 
\par * +4 extra Unhappiness, +1% global Unhappiness
\par * +3 Manpower
\par * +10% Culture cost for new Policies 
\par (3) City Level Lv3: (D <M/5, 26 at least)
\par * -8 Gold for Maintenance
\par * -8 Consumer Goods 
\par * +6 extra Unhappiness, +2% global Unhappiness
\par * +2 Manpower
\par * +20% Culture cost for new Policies 
\par 
\par (4) City Level Lv4: (D <M/3, 36 at least)
\par * -16 Gold for Maintenance
\par * -12 Consumer Goods 
\par * +8 extra Unhappiness, +3% global Unhappiness
\par * +1 Manpower
\par * +33% Culture cost for new Policies 
\par 
\par (5) City Level Lv5: (D >=M/3)
\par * -24 Gold for Maintenance
\par * -16 Consumer Goods 
\par * +10 extra Unhappiness, +3% global Unhappiness
\par * No Manpower 
\par * +33% Culture cost for new Policies 
\par 
\par The City Hall Building is shown on the upper left corner (wide screen) or the upper right corner (normal screen) inside your city view screen. You can also see the City Hall Level under the city\'a1\'afs banner on the map. 
\par 
\par * Turn an annexed city into a puppet city:
\par You can turn any non-capital annexed city into a puppet city anytime, even this city is built by yourself. 
\par 
\par Simply sell the City Hall Building by clicking the icon. The city will become a puppet but suffer a Resistance Time (equals 50% of its Population).
\par 
\par Puppet city:
\par * No Gold for Maintenance
\par * -4 Consumer Goods 
\par * No extra Unhappiness
\par * No Manpower 
\par * No Culture cost for new Policies 
\par * -33% Culture and Science output
\par * -50% Food growth
\par 
\par * How to solve corruption and public security issues:
\par (1) Build Anti-corruption and Public Security Buildings (names in brown color) in the city to reduce the corruption and public security problems. Each city of different City Hall level has its unique Anti-corruption and Public Security Building.
\par 
\par Anti-corruption and Public Security Buildings are unlocked by certain Technologies. So please do not extend too far in early game!
\par 
\par (2) Sell the City Hall to make the city a puppet city. You can wait until you are able to pay the maintenance cost of Gold, Happiness and Culture or the certain buildings are unlocked to re-annex them. 
\par 
\par (3) Some traits, policies and Ideology tenets can reduce nationwide corruption and public security issues. 
\par 
\par 
\par    5-2. City Population Size
\par * Cities are classified into different \'a1\'b0population size levels\'a1\'b1 according to their current population. 
\par * Cities with a larger population size will have more HPs, increase the citizens working distance, unlock advanced buildings, provide more Manpower, and offer International Trading Income bonus and Tourism boost. 
\par * However, cities with a larger population size will consume more Electricity and Consumer Goods, cause pollution and traffic problems, which bringing additional Unhappiness, reducing Food Growth, even extra Culture cost for future policies. 
\par * Larger cities are very useful, but please make sure your economy and infrastructure is strong enough to maintain larger cities. 
\par 
\par * Population SIize details:
\par 
\par P = Population in this city
\par 
\par (1) Town (P <= 5)
\par * Citizens' Working Range: 3 Hexes
\par * 100 HP (Base)
\par * 5 City Combat Strength (Base)
\par * +3 Manpower
\par * -3 Electricity
\par * -3 Consumer Goods
\par * No Traffic and Pollution Problems
\par 
\par (2) Small City (P: 5~14)
\par * Citizens' Working Range: 4 Hexes
\par * +50 HP
\par * +5 City Combat Strength
\par * +6 Manpower
\par * + 2 International Trade Route Gold income
\par * -6 Electricity
\par * -6 Consumer Goods
\par * No Traffic and Pollution Problems
\par 
\par (3) Medium City (P: 15~25)
\par * Citizens' Working Range: 4 Hexes
\par * +50 HP
\par * +5 City Combat Strength
\par * +12 Manpower
\par * + 4 International Trade Route Gold income
\par * -12 Electricity
\par * -12 Consumer Goods
\par * +2 Unhappiness for Traffic and Pollution Problems
\par 
\par (4) Large City (P: 26~39)
\par * Citizens' Working Range: 4 Hexes
\par * +100 HP
\par * +10 City Combat Strength
\par * + 8 International Trade Route Gold income
\par * +24 Manpower
\par * -24 Electricity
\par * -24 Consumer Goods
\par * -5% Food Growth for Traffic and Pollution Problems
\par * +4 Unhappiness for Traffic and Pollution Problems
\par 
\par (5) XL City (P: 26~39)
\par * Citizens' Working Range: 5 Hexes
\par * +100 HP
\par * +15 City Combat Strength
\par * + 16 International Trade Route Gold income
\par * +25% Tourism Output 
\par * +36 Manpower
\par * -36 Electricity
\par * -36 Consumer Goods
\par * -10% Food Growth for Traffic and Pollution Problems
\par * +6 Unhappiness for Traffic and Pollution Problems
\par 
\par (6) XXL City (P: 40~79)
\par * Citizens' Working Range: 5 Hexes
\par * +100 HP
\par * +25 City Combat Strength
\par * + 24 International Trade Route Gold income
\par * +50% Tourism Output 
\par * +54 Manpower
\par * -54 Electricity
\par * -54 Consumer Goods
\par * -20% Food Growth for Traffic and Pollution Problems
\par * +10 Unhappiness for Traffic and Pollution Problems
\par * +5% Culture Cost for future policies 
\par 
\par (7) Global City (P>=80)
\par * Citizens' Working Range: 5 Hexes
\par * +100 HP
\par * +50 City Combat Strength
\par * + 32 International Trade Route Gold income
\par * +100% Tourism Output 
\par * +72 Manpower
\par * -72 Electricity
\par * -72 Consumer Goods
\par * -33% Food Growth for Traffic and Pollution Problems
\par * +16 Unhappiness for Traffic and Pollution Problems
\par * +10% Culture Cost for future policies 
\par 
\par The current City Population Size level is show
n on the upper left corner (wide screen) or the upper right corner (normal screen) inside your city view screen (the same position with the City Hall Building). You can also see the City Population Size Level under the city\'a1\'afs banner on the map.

\par 
\par 
\par    5-3. Immigration
\par * Citizens can move to another city or even to a foreign country by the call of the nation or just for a better life. 
\par 
\par * Inner Immigration
\par You are allowed to "move" the population between cities to increase the quality of your populatio
n. For example, you can move those people from poor and distant countryside to large cities to receive education or find a better job. On the other hand, you can move people out of over-crowded cities to support other developing cities.
\par 
\par (1) The Settler unit
\par * Exactly speaking, the "Settler" is made up of one Citizen in the city where it is trained. It will also cause 2 Unhappiness and consumers 1 Consumer Goods.
\par * Training a Settler Unit will consume one Citizen in the current city, but Growth of the City will NOT stop. Settler cannot be purchased. 
\par * Settler takes damage if ends turn in outside friendly territory. 
\par * If a Settler is captured by enemy combat units, it will be KILLED.
\par 
\par (2) Settler join the existing city
\par * For inner immigration, just simply move the Settler into the city you wish it to join and click "Move into the City". The Settler Unit will disappear and the Population of the city will increase by 1. 
\par * The city\'a1\'afs Food Growth meter will be cleared to zero after a Settler\'a1\'afs moving in. Thus inner immigration will slow down the natural population growth of the city.
\par * The Settler cannot move into a City currently in resistance or being razed.
\par 
\par 
\par * International Immigration
\par Citizens will move to other nations with higher influence to seek a dream life. If you have considerable Tourism output, it is a safe, effortless and peaceful way to \'a1\'b0steal\'a1\'b1
 population from your opponents by international immigration. On the other hand, if you fail to counter other nation\'a1\'afs cultural invasion, your people will vote with their feet.
\par 
\par (1) The cause of International Immigration
\par The International Immigration is determined by the Influence level, Happiness and the diplomacy condition between two Civs. 
\par 
\par (2) The mechanism of International Immigration
\par The speed of International Immigration is based on the Move-in Rate and Move-out Rate. You can check the Move-in Rate and Move-out Rate in the Tourism & Culture Overview screen, under \'a1\'b0Culture Victory\'a1\'b1. 
\par 
\par * The Move-in Rate represents how attractive your country is to their people. Its value is based on your influence level to the other Civ:
\par NONE: 0
\par EXOTIC: 1
\par FAMILIAR: 2 
\par POPULAR: 3
\par INFLUENTIAL: 4
\par DOMINANT: 5
\par * The Move-out Rate is just the opposite, representing how attractive the other country is to your people. 
\par 
\par * If the Move-in Rate is 4 or above and is larger than the Move-out Rate, the people in the certain country will migrate to your country by 1 per turn. It will move to one of your annexed cities without unemployed citizens or starvation. 
\par * If the Move-out Rate is 4 or above and is larger than the Move-in Rate, your people will migrate to the other country by 1 per turn, which means a random city of yours will lose 1 citizen.
\par 
\par (3) Happiness & Resources
\par Move-in Rate and Move-out Rate are also greatly affected by Happiness.
\par 
\par H =Current Excess Happiness
\par MIR = Move-in Rate
\par MOR = Move-out Rate
\par 
\par * H > 150:  MIR+50%, MOR-50%
\par * 100 <H<=150:  MIR+25%, MOR-25%
\par * 50<H<=100: No effect
\par * 20<H<=50:  MOR+25%
\par * 0<=H<20: MIR-25%, MOR+25%
\par * H<0: No immigrant move in, MOR+50%
\par 
\par What\'a1\'afs more, the amount of excess Happiness will also scale up your current Tourism output by percentage according to the total number of your cities. Therefore, Happiness is imprtant for attracting Immigrants. 
\par 
\par TBP = Tourism Bonus by Percentage
\par n = Total number of your cities
\par 
\par * TBP = H/n
\par 
\par 
\par If you currently have less than 0 Consumer Goods or Electricity (after entering the Modern Era), no immigrant can move in regardless of all other conditions. 
\par  
\par 
\par (4) Diplomacy Conditions and Policies
\par Move-in Rate and Move-out Rate are also affected by the Diplomacy Conditions between two Civs.
\par 
\par * You open border to another Civ:  MIR+100%
\par * The other Civ open border to you:  MOR+100%
\par * Accept your religion:  MIR+100%
\par * Accept their religion:  MOR+100%
\par * Declaration of friendship:  MIR+50%, MOR+50%
\par * Denouncing you or by denounced by you: MIR+50%, MOR+50%
\par * At war: No International Immigration! 
\par 
\par A few policies can also affect the Move-in Rate and Move-out Rate
\par * Freedom - Freedom of Speech :  MIR+50%
\par * Order \'a8C Iron Curtain: \tab MOR-50%
\par 
\par 
\par    5-4. Upgradable Specialists System
\par    
\par * The output of any kind of specialist can be \'a1\'b0upgrade\'a1\'b1 by building certain Specialists Foundation Buildings in your c
ities. They are national wonders so you can only have one of each in your country. Their construction cost goes up the more cities there are in the empire.
\par * Specialists Foundation Buildings are not unlocked by Techs, but by city Population Size levels.
\par * Be aware that some upgraded specialists offer higher output but demand a certain amount of Gold for maintenance cost. 
\par 
\par * Specialists Foundation Buildings Details:
\par (1) Lv1 Foundations: Must be built in Medium cities (Population >=15)
\par * Science Foundation (Lv1):  Every Scientist +2 Science, -2 Gold for research funds
\par * Engineering Association (Lv1):  Every Engineer +2 Production, -2 Gold for facility funds
\par * Art Foundation (Lv1):  Every Artist, Writer, Musician +1 Culture, -2 Gold for sponsor funds.
\par * Commercial Guild (Lv1):  Every Merchant +2 Gold
\par 
\par (2) Lv2 Foundations: Must be built in XL cities (Population >=40)
\par * Science Foundation (Lv2):  Every Scientist +2 Science, -2 Gold for research funds
\par * Engineering Association (Lv2):  Every Engineer +2 Production, -2 Gold for facility funds
\par * Art Foundation (Lv2):  Every Artist, Writer, Musician +1 Culture, -2 Gold for sponsor funds.
\par * Commercial Guild (Lv2):  Every Merchant +1 Food
\par 
\par (3) Lv3 Foundations: Must be built in Global cities (Population >=80)
\par * Science Foundation (Lv3):  Every Scientist +2 Science, -2 Gold for research funds
\par * Engineering Association (Lv3):  Every Engineer +2 Production, -2 Gold for facility funds
\par * Art Foundation (Lv3):  Every Artist, Writer, Musician +1 Culture, -2 Gold for sponsor funds.
\par * Commercial Guild (Lv3):  Every Merchant +1 Food
\par 
\par * You should also notice that unemployed citizen cannot offer any output but only waste your food. If your city is overcrowded, you should use Settler to move out citizens to other cities to find better job for them.
\par * If a city has an unemployed citizen, there will be a \'a1\'b0sad face\'a1\'b1 icon shown on the city\'a1\'afs banner in the map to let you know.
\par 
\par 
\par    5-5. Water Plot Improvements & Terrain Modification
\par * Water Plot Improvements:
\par You are allowed to build improvements on a water plot even there is no resource, to improve its Food or Production yield. Thus, coastal cities will become your major economy center in the mid-game and the late-game. 
\par 
\par (1) Fish Farming
\par * Unlocked by Optics.
\par * Breed a fish resource on costal tiles without resources to increase the city's Food output.
\par * May only be constructed in a coastal tile without resources.
\par * May not be constructed adjacent to another tile is currently under fish farming.
\par 
\par (2) Natural Gas Drilling
\par * Unlocked by Telegraph.
\par * Drill out a natural gas resource on ocean tiles without resources to improve it and increase the city's Production output.
\par * May only be constructed in a ocean tile without resources.
\par * May not be constructed adjacent to another tile is currently under natural gas drilling.
\par 
\par * Be Aware that there is no Workboat in this mod. Water improvements can be built by embarked workers.
\par 
\par * Terrain Modification:
\par After discovering certain Tech, you are allowed to build some special improvments to modify the terrain as you wish for traffic or improve the city\'a1\'afs output.
\par 
\par (1) Naval Port:  allows any naval unit to enter the land tile where it is built. So it can be severed as a "canal" if built on the "Continental Bridge". 
\par (2) Pontoon Bridge:  allows land units to cross a single coastal tile without embarking.
\par (3) Forest Restoration:  Plant trees on this tile to create a Forest.
\par (4) Jungle Restoration:  Plant trees on this tile to create a Jungle.
\par (5) Mountain Quarrying:  Transform the Mountain to a Hill and a Stone resource will appear on the hill. This action cannot undo.
\par (6) Break Ice:  Clear the Ice on this tile to allow other naval units to pass. This action cannot undo.
\par 
\par    
\par 5-6. Orbital Satellites
\par    
\par * After finishing the Apollo Program, you are allowed to build Satellite Units in cities built with a Spaceship Factory. 
\par * Satellite Units are special late-game units. Those units function as Wonders, which can offer their unique global effects. Some of them can only provide bonus for their launchers while others give bonus to all existing civilizations. 
\par * They are very helpful to speed up your victory process, especially for a Science Victory. However you should be aware that some Satellite Units with global effects may also help your opponents to catch up with you.
\par 
\par * Satellite Units are like Wonders. They are unique and only one of each kind can exist in the world. If one civilization successfully build out one Satellite Unit, all other civilizations are no longer able to build it.
\par * Satellite Units must be Launched to be functional, like in Civilization: Beyond Earth. You can launch those Satellite Units simply by moving them to your Capital and press the "Launch Satellite" button in the unit command panel.
\par    
\par 
\par 
\par 6. Mod Mechanism: Combat
\par    
\par    6-1. Two-Unit-Per-Plot Combat System
\par * In this mod, each plot can stack up to two land or naval unit of the same property.
\par (1) Two military units of the same domain. 
\par (2) Two civilian units or embarked land units.
\par (3) In extreme cases, a water plot can stack up to six units: 2 naval unit + 2 hovering unit (helicopters) + 2 embarked land units. 
\par 
\par * Stacking Units Combat:
\par (1) Stacked units Attacking. As normal, just click and attack! 
\par (2) Stacked units Defending. When attacked, the best defending unit - who has the comparatively highest combat strength (not the absolute combat strength) - will take the damage.
\par (3) Stacked unit Penalties: stacked units are not invincible. Many units can cause Collateral Damage or Charge Damage to attack or even kill all units in one plot in one shot.
\par (4) Two-Unit-Per-Plot doesn\'a1\'aft mean you can \'a1\'b0mindlessly\'a1\'b1 put units together. You must know the units well and put the right units together. In most cases, it is wise 
to stack a melee unit with a ranged unit. The melee unit can offer protection while the ranged unit provides fire support.
\par 
\par * Healing and Supply
\par (1) All units can no longer heal outside the friendly territory. You can only let them heal by keeping logistical units can offer the Medic and Supply Promotion in your formation.
\par (2) For land units, the militia units can serve as logistical units. While Great Admiral and Carriers can do the naval logistical task and let your naval units heal even outside the friendly territory.
\par 
\par * Movement Rules
\par (1) Land unit will only cost ONE MP to disembark from the water plot (like the original Danish Trait).
\par (2) Land unit will only cost 5 MPs to cross a river. However it will suffer -33% combat strength attacking across the river.
\par (3) Snow plots cost 2 MPs to cross.
\par (4) Jungle plots cost 3 Mps to cross
\par (5) Marsh plots cost 4 Mps to cross
\par (6) Land-based aircrafts CANNOT rebase to an aircraft carrier. While carrier-based aircrafts or missiles CANNOT rebase to a city or a military airbase. 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par    6-2. Militia & Specialized Military Units
\par * In this mod, the military units can be classified into two classes: militia and regular army. 
\par * Militia units don\'a1\'aft cost manpower to build and their maintenance cost is cheap.
\par * Regular army units have much better combat strength and unique abilities. They are the main force of your armed forces. However they are expensive and cost Manpower to build. They must be built in cities with certain military production buildings. e.g.
 Tanks must be built in cities with Arsenal. 
\par 
\par * Militia & Workers: 
\par (1) Militia units are actually \'a1\'b0armed workers\'a1\'b1. Your worker can transfer into a militia unit of its era by simply clicking "To Arms!" button in the unit command panel. However, the m
ilitia transferred from workers will have no starting experience. 
\par (2) On the contrary, your militia unit can transfer into a worker by clicking \'a1\'b0Demobilize\'a1\'b1 button. It will lose all of its earned experience.
\par (3) Militia units are not professional army, thus they have a weak combat strength and penalties fighting outside friendly territory. Do NOT use them for your force of invasion.
\par (4) However, they are very cheap and have combat bonus fighting inside friendly territory and they can heal surrounding units, which makes them great guerilla units, garrison units and logistical units. 
\par (5) Militia can build a Citadel on and plot as a fixed point-defense, which can provide surveillance and attack enemy units passing by, or even deploy aircrafts on its plot.
\par (6) Workers cannot be captured, it will be KILLED if caught in combat.
\par (7) There is no Workboat in this mod. Water improvements can be built by embarked workers.  
\par 
\par * Green-water Navy
\par (1) Green-water Navy Units are actually \'a1\'b0naval militias\'a1\'b1. However they cannot transfer from or to workers. 
\par (2) They are smaller ships which cannot enter the deep ocean and much cheaper comparing to blue-water navy units. Thus they can patrol to protect your Coastal Economic Zone.
\par 
\par 
\par * Specialized Military Units
\par There are different kinds of regular army units with highly specialized abilities. Although they have different combat strength, available promotions, building cost and maintenance cost, there is no \'a1\'b0weak\'a1\'b1 unit or \'a1\'b0strong\'a1\'b1
 unit. They just do their profession and only coordination can bring you the victory. 
\par 
\par (1) Land Forces:
\par * Infantry
\par * Counter Units
\par * Heavy Mounted Units \'a8C> Armored Units
\par * Land Hit-and-run Units -> Helicopters
\par * Archery Units \'a8C> Anti-air Units
\par * Siege Weapons
\par * Heavy Artillery Weapons
\par * Recon Units
\par * Special Forces
\par * Citadel Units
\par 
\par (2) Navy:
\par * Naval Melee Units
\par * Naval Hit-and-run Units -> Submarines
\par * Naval Ranged Unties
\par * Battleships
\par * Aircraft Carriers 
\par * Naval Exploration Units
\par 
\par (3) Air Force:
\par * Air Superiority Fighters
\par * Attack Aircrafts
\par * Strategic Bombers
\par 
\par (4) Nuclear Weapons:
\par * Atomic Bomb -> Nuclear Missile
\par * ICBM
\par * EMP missile
\par 
\par Please look for detailed information in game. All units have very detailed descriptions on their related Civilopedia pages. You may also find a brief info by hovering your mouse on their \'a1\'b0Property\'a1\'b1
 (a special promotion with red icon) in the promotions panel. 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par    6-3. Elite Units & Experiential Units
\par * In this mod, you are allowed to command many unique legendary elite units in real history or build experimental units beyond your imagination.
\par * To train or build Elite Units & Experiential Units, you must finish their corresponding project. E.g. to build the RAH-66 Comanche, you must finish the Light Helicopter Experimental Program. 
\par 
\par * Like world wonders, Elite Units & Experiential Units are unique. Other than having a name with special yellow letters, only the Civ who finish the corresponding project first in the world are allowed to build them. Some extremely
 powerful Elite Units & Experiential Units are only to build one at a time. 
\par * Most Elite Units & Experiential Units are not allowed to be purchased by Gold.
\par * If Elite Units & Experiential Units are killed in combat, don\'a1\'aft worry. You can rebuild them unless they are obsolete. 
\par * Elite Units & Experiential Units are extremely powerful or have unrivaled abilities, they are not invincible and can stilled be outnumbered and overwhelmed by enemy's counter units. They should always work with ordinary units w
ith a flexible battle plan to make sure that they can always show up in the right time and the right place.
\par 
\par * The list of Elite Units & Experiential Units in this mod:
\par (1) Land:
\par * The 300 Spartans (Elite Infantry)
\par * Numidian Cavalry (Elite Light Cavalry)
\par * Longbowman (Elite Archer)
\par * Landsknecht (Elite Mercenary)
\par * Xuan Jia Jun (Elite Rider)
\par * Hwacha (Prototype Multiple Rocket Launcher)
\par * Ski Infantry (Elite Infantry)
\par * Land Ironclad (Experimental Steam-powered Vehicle)
\par * Big Bertha (Super Howitzer)
\par * Cossack Militia (Elite Militia)
\par * Elite Sniper (Elite Guerrilla Unit)
\par * Panzer VIII Maus (Super-heavy Tank)
\par * XM2001 Crusader (Prototype SPG)
\par * Weishi Rockets (Elite Long Range Multiple Rocket Launcher)
\par * Task Force 141 (Elite Special Forces)
\par * Giant Death Robot
\par 
\par (2) Sea:
\par * Zheng He's Fleet (Elite Naval Exploration Fleet)
\par * Yamato (Super Battleship)
\par * The Nautilus (Prototype Submarine)
\par * Bismarck (Super Battleship)
\par * Hydra (Prototype Underwater Carrier)
\par * Proton Collider Vessel
\par 
\par (3) Air:
\par * Zeppelin (Airship Carrier)
\par * Horten Ho 229 (Prototype Stealth Bomber)
\par * SR71 "Black Bird" (Strategic Reconnaissance Aircraft )
\par * RAH-66 Comanche (Prototype Stealth Helicopter)
\par * PAK FA T-50 (Prototype Strategic Fighter)
\par 
\par (4) Special
\par * Tsar Bomba (Experimental Atomic Bomb)
\par * Kondensator (Experimental Nuclear Artillery)
\par * Davy Crockett (Experimental Nuclear Rocket Launcher)
\par * Super Hacker
\par 
\par 
\par    6-4. War Casualties
\par 
\par * War will cause population loss, especially a long and brutal war. 
\par * Every two units KIAs will cause one city in your empire to lose one citizen in a random city. You will get a notice when you have a population loss.  
\par * As a result, the larger empires can suffer more war casualties since they have more cities to compensate the loss.
\par * You should try your best to avoid unnecessary casualties. On the other hand, if you destroy many of your enemy\'a1\'afs units, your enemy will suffer significant loss even you don\'a1\'aft invade its territory. 
\par 
\par * The Centralization Policy in Tradition can reduce the population loss rate by 33% (3 KIAs cause one population loss). 
\par * Some units with \'a1\'b0Cause Half Casualties\'a1\'b1 promotion, such as Counter Units and Militia Units. only count as 0.5 when get killed (4 KIAs cause one population loss)
\par * Some special mercenary units, such as Landsknecht, with \'a1\'b0Free from Body Count\'a1\'b1 promotion will never cause population loss when get killed.
\par * The best way to get rid of War Casualties is NOT to war. We have many alternative ways to win without killing people.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par    6-5. Nuclear Winter
\par 
\par * If there are too many nuclear detonations in the game, the nuclear winter will fall. When the nuclear winter gets to its worst condition, nobody can win this game.
\par * Nuclear detonations will spread fallout over tiles on the map. After 0.5% of the tiles of the whole map are covered by fallout, the nuclear winter event will be triggered.
\par 
\par * There are four stages in the nuclear winter. It will get to the next stage if more nuclear weapons are launched. 
\par 
\par (1) Nuclear Winter Warning - The proportion of Fallout tiles: 0.5%- 1%. You will receive a warning if more nuclear weapons are detonated. 
\par (2) Nuclear Winter Strikes - The proportion of Fallout tiles: 1%- 5%. All tiles with Food Output larger than 3 will reduce by 1 for every new nuclear detonation, until it reaches 3. This will slow down the population growth in all cities. 
\par (3) Nuclear Winter Deteriorates - The proportion of Fallout tiles: 5%- 10%. All tiles with Food Output will reduce by 1 for every new nuclear detonation, until it reaches 1. This will leads to global famine. 
\par (4) Nuclear Winter Apocalypse - The proportion of Fallout tiles > 10%. All tiles' Food and Production output will reduce to 0 with new nuclear detonations. All survivors will starve to death. The global productivity is backed to the Stone Age.
\par 
\par * Unfortunately, the nuclear winter is an irreversible process. Once happened, the climate can never be restored. However, there is still ways to prevent it.
\par (1) One nuclear explosion cannot cause t
he nuclear winter, only a global nuclear war can be strong enough to make it happen. Since the event is triggered by calculating the total number of fallout tiles of the map, many nuclear detonations within a limited area (kinds of nuclear tests) won\'a1
\'aft cause the nuclear winter.
\par (2) You can slow down the nuclear winter process by scrubbing out the fallout tiles or using Anti-Fallout Satellite. This will stop it from entering to the next stage but cannot restore it to its previous condition. 
\par (3) The best way to prevent the nuclear winter is to stop the nuclear warfare - the Nuclear Non-Proliferation is very important. 
\par (4) If the nuclear winter gets to its worst condition, it will be the end of the human civilizations. However, you still have a little chance to win: waiting for a cultural or diplomatic, or even time victory and it should be less than 10 years.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 7. Automated Management & Batch Operations
\par 
\par 7-1. Automated Cities & Unit Group Control
\par 
\par * Your cities can choose their own building tasks by set to \'a1\'b0Automated\'a1\'b1 mode. Therefore, you can free yourself from so many clicks in one turn if you have more than 30 cities.
\par 
\par * Check the \'a1\'b0Automated\'a1\'b1 checkbox under the \'a1\'b0Show Queue\'a1\'b1 checkbox under the Production List. It will automatically schedule its future production queue. 
\par * If this city is already assigned a production mission, it will become autonomous after finishing its current production queue. 
\par * You can still change its production queue anytime like adding or removing items in 
the queue, which is very important. The AI is not as smart as you. You'd better keep an eye on these autonomous cities in case they start to build something you don't want.
\par 
\par * In this mod, you can control a group of units to move together like a RTS game to save your time and energy if you have many units moving to the same location.
\par 
\par * Follow these steps to perform a Grouped Units Movement (Move up to 12 units within one hex radius)
\par (1) Select the unit in the middle of all units you want to move.
\par (2) Click the button:\'a1\'b1 Grouped Units Movement\'a1\'b1 on the unit command panel.
\par (3) A special Promotion: \'a1\'b0Group Movement\'a1\'b1 will be assigned to this unit and all adjacent units to indicate that they are in one group.
\par (4) Then move this unit to the location you want. Each adjacent military units will follow up. They will also use roads and railroads on their way.
\par (5) If the destination area is too small, the formation of all units will be broken and some units may move to the nearest valid location instead of the destination area.
\par (6) \tab The unit and all following unit will continue moving in the next turn if they cannot reach the destination in one turn.
\par 
\par * Follow these steps to perform a Stacked Units Movement (Move two stacked units in the same plot together)
\par (1) Select one of the two stacked unit. 
\par (2) Click the button: \'a1\'b0Stacked Units Movement\'a1\'b1 on the unit command panel.
\par (3) A special Promotion: Group Movement will be assigned to this unit and the other unit in the same plot indicate that they are in one group.
\par (4) Then move this unit to the location you want. The other unit will follow up. It will also use roads and railroads on their way.
\par (5) The following unit will continue moving in the next turn if it cannot reach the destination in one turn. So if you order two units with different Movements, the slower one will fall behind for a moment.
\par 
\par * Be aware those two orders are only designed for quickly moving your troops, especially large naval forces, in the safe areas. DO NOT use this order in the frontline since the formation may be broken and make your units vulnerable for enemy's attacks!

\par 
\par * If you changed your mind, or just did a wrong click and want to cancel the Group Movement or Stacked Units Movement order. Click the button: \'a1\'b0Ungroup\'a1\'b1 on th
e unit command panel. All Group Movement Promotion assigned to your units will be removed.
\par 
\par 7-2. Batch Operations for Production and Unit Commands
\par 
\par * Want to maximize the production of your nation to win an International Project? Batch Operations will free you from clicking into all cities and change the focus and production task manually.
\par 
\par * Copy the production order to all cities:
\par (1) Choose a random city and change its current production order to the one you want. 
\par (2) Click \'a1\'b0Copy Production Order\'a1\'b1 below the Citizen Management panel. 
\par (3) Then all cities available to do this task will change their current task instantly!
\par (4) For certain buildings or units which require a Prerequisite Building in the city, only the qualified cities with the required building will receive this order. Otherwise they will continue with their current order.
\par (5) Once this order is finished, each city will continue their previous production queue. 
\par 
\par * Copy the Citizen Focus to other cities:
\par (1) Choose a random city and change its current Citizen Focus to the one you want. 
\par (2) Click \'a1\'b0Copy Citizen Focus\'a1\'b1 below the Citizen Management panel. 
\par (3) All cities will change their citizen focus instantly!
\par (4) You can check the city\'a1\'afs current citizen focus on the city\'a1\'afs banner in the map. An icon will indicate its current focus. If the city\'a1\'afs Specialists Slots are manually controlled, there will be a \'a1\'b0Checkbox\'a1\'b1
 icon shown on the city\'a1\'afs banner.
\par 
\par * You can also clear the production queue of ALL cities by clicking the button: \'a1\'b0Clear All Orders\'a1\'b1 below those tow buttons. This action cannot undo.
\par 
\par 
\par * Apart from global batch operations, you can also use batch order to fill all Specialists Slots in one click. You no longer need to click the slot one by one.
\par (1) Check the checkbox \'a1\'b0Manual Specialist Control\'a1\'b1 below the \'a1\'b0Specialist Buildings\'a1\'b1 Tag in your desired city. Otherwise the one-click-fill buttons won\'a1\'aft show up.
\par (2) Click the certain button you need to fill all available slots of a specialists in this city. e.g. Click the \'a1\'b0Fill all Scientists Slots\'a1\'b1, which will instantly fill all available Scientists Slots in this city. 
\par 
\par 
\par * If you have hundreds of units waiting for your orders. It is highly recommended that you use the batch operation to finish your job in one click.
\par * Upgrade All units in one click:
\par (1) Click the button \'a1\'b0Upgrade ALL UNITS\'a1\'b1 on the unit command panel when the selected unit is upgradeable. 
\par (2) Then all of your units which can upgrade right now will upgrade.
\par (3) You must have enough Gold and Strategic Resourcesresources for all of them to upgrade in one turn. Otherwise some units will NOT upgrade. 
\par (4) Only the units inside your border will upgrade. 
\par 
\par * Put all units into \'a1\'b0idle mode\'a1\'b1 in one click:
\par (1) Click the button \'a1\'b0Order ALL UNITS\'a1\'b1 on the unit command panel anytime.
\par (2) All of units waiting for orders will automatically do what they should do.
\par * Infantry Units and Counter Units: fortify
\par * Mobile Units, Ranged Units and Naval Units: Alert. 
\par * Fighters: Intercept. (If HP less than 30, it will stop intercepting and heal) 
\par * Others (Bombers, Missiles, etc): Sleep.
\par (3) Be aware that you may \'a1\'b0forget\'a1\'b1 some units if you use this order too often. However, if you always want to use this batch operation, your Civ should be strong enough and there is no need to worry about a single unit. 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 8. Known Bugs & Future Plans
\par 
\par * This mod is still in its Beta version. I\'a1\'afm sorry if you encounter any possible Bugs. Please help me to improve this mod\'a1\'afs quality by reporting the bug by submitting the logging files and the saved files.
\par 
\par * Known Bugs: 
\par (1) 12 kb corrupted saved file & CTD: In is version, it is very rare during our alpha testing. If you encounter, please report with your logging files rather than \'a1\'b0it crashes\'a1\'b1. 
\par (2) Possible CTD when clicking \'a1\'b0restart game\'a1\'b1 or loading a saved game repeatedly. This may be solved in future DLC version.
\par (3) Embarked land units have a \'a1\'b0modern cargo ship\'a1\'b1 model. This is just a visual issue and won\'a1\'aft affect the game mechanism. 
\par (4) Sometimes the notice of special combat de-buffs like \'a1\'b0sunder\'a1\'b1 or \'a1\'b0barrage\'a1\'b1 will not show up.
\par (5) Sometimes you cannot upgrade stacked units using \'a1\'b0Upgrade ALL UNITS\'a1\'b1 in one click. Please click again and they should upgrade this time. 
\par (6) If there is no effect after applying a new policy, please wait till the next turn for its effectiveness.
\par (7) Some old maps may not be supported and will cause \'a1\'b0no strategic resources in the whole map\'a1\'b1, such as the old \'a1\'b0Earth map\'a1\'b1 offered by BNW itself. Because the map generation codes are changed in this mod.  
\par (8) Ai have many cheating methods or assistance to help them with their poor intelligence. So don\'a1\'aft be surprised that you find AI suddenly upgrade their railroads, repair all pillaged improvements, breed fishes, drill natural gas, or other \'a1\'b0
weird behaviors\'a1\'b1 in their territory. 
\par (9) AI may have their carrier-based aircrafts or missiles deploy in their cities but they will be put into correct positions in the next turn.
\par (10) The paperwork is huge, there may be some wrong description, grammar mistakes or leftovers in Civilopedia texts or even in this Quickstart Guide. Please point it out if you find them.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par * Future Plans
\par (1) The final and the stable version of this mod will be v6.0. Some versions may be released to fix Bugs or tweak minor balance issues. NO major changes in the future! 
\par (2) The v6.0 will be released in both MOD and DLC versions.
\par (3) A \'a1\'b0MOD Option\'a1\'b1 will be available in the future versions to allow the player to turn on/off some mod mechanism like Electricity, immigration, nuclear winter and so on.
\par (4) New elements will be edited to this Quickstart Guide (images, links) in the next version. A detailed Tutorial Book may be released in the future.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 9. Special Thanks
\par 
\par * If I miss someone or in the list, or you have copyright issues, sorry for that and please contact me.
\par 
\par 
\par * DLL: 
\par    whoward69 for DLL - Various Mod Components
\par    
\par * EUI: 
\par    bc1 for EUI elements
\par    
\par * New Luxury Resources: 
\par    Barathor for More Luxuries MOD
\par    
\par * Coding: 
\par Gedemon for RED Events, flags for stacked units, aircraft animation speed and ranged units counterattack related codes
\par CaptainCWB for codes optimization and UI elements
\par Tokata for additional DLL editing, Civilopedia and UI elements
\par    Barathor for AssignStartingPlots.lua, Map Setup.lua
\par Maximus for new attack effects (AoE damage) related codes and combat UI related codes
\par Machiavelli24 for Reform and Rule related codes and Policy_FreeBuildingClass.lua
\par Ninakoru for Smart AI related codes
\par FramedArchitect for Faerun Fantasy Mod and Global Warming MOD related codes
\par Redox for Light Touch: unit automation related codes
\par Coban for helicopter hovering related codes
\par Hulfgar for Hulfgars Industrial Warfare related codes and concept
\par far_away_land for Settler joining city codes & some debugging tasks
\par bc1 for backgroud image Lua codes
\par 
\par 
\par * 3d Models
\par Wolfdog for many modern and renaissance units\'a1\'af models
\par Snafusmith for many modern and ancient units\'a1\'af models
\par Danrell for many WWII units\'a1\'af models
\par Danrell, Nutty for MiG-15 model
\par Ekmek, asioasioasio for UAV model
\par Ekmek, KnelRivendare, Jinzor for B52 model
\par bernie14 for templar and teutonic mounted knights models
\par Barathor for new resource models&icons
\par other 3d units models: Wolfdog, Snafusmith, Danrell, Ekmek, asioasioasio, KnelRivendare, Jinzor, bernie14, Barathor, Snafusmith(Smitty), JTitan,Deliverator, Walter Hawkwood, Refar, Patum333, hangman, Deliverator, BouncyMischa
\par 
\par * Icon/ Visual Art Elements
\par Icons & Images: Bar
athor, JanBoruta, Jamie Meyer, Moriboe, sukritact, Pouakai, Sukritact, Envoy (@fourfourhero), Pouakai, zsofiadome, BlackFeather_, Empoh, Tokata, Institute of Swedish Safety; Security, freepik.com, iranaware.com, photobucket.com, Brainbug's Egyptian Army (
Retextured) von Brainbug (v1.0), calxibe.com, wallpoper.com
\par JanBoruta for some units and building icons
\par BlackFeather_ for Spanish Armada icon and Super Power MOD Logo
\par Moriboe, sukritact, Pouakai, Sukritact, Envoy (@fourfourhero), Pouakai for some new buildings and new wonders icons and concept
\par 
\par * Languages
\par Chinese: MarbleGargoyle, LI, Seven
\par 
\par * Promotion & Test: 
\par Tokata, Ben, Dante, BlackFeather_, GanJunWuDi, 38AA, HJQ, xiaofeng, seraph, Li, Seven, Xingen, Tianshu, SkyWalker, Arno, bot, ryst
\par 
\par * Proofreading & Document Editing: 
\par \'b0\'ae\'c1\'e1\'b5\'c4\'b0\'b2\'d2\'dd\'c8\'cb\'c9\'fa, Seven
\par 
\par * Cited Documents:
\par Wikipedia, www.azquotes.com , www.brainyquote.com
\par 
\par * A few images or concepts are from those works:
\par ACE Combat (published by Namco Bandai Games and produced by Project Aces)
\par Call of Duty: Modern Warfare (published and owned by Activision)
\par World of Warships and World of Tanks (Wargaming) 
\par Command &amp; Conquer: Red Alert 3 (Electronic Arts)
\par Cities XL 2012 (Focus Home Interactive)
\par Others from Google Images Search
\par 
\par * \'a1\'b0Clash of Civilizations\'a1\'b1 is inspired by political scientist Samuel P. Huntington\'a1\'afs The Clash of Civilizations and the Remaking of World Order, published in 1996
\par 
\par * The names of unique national wonders \'a1\'b0Ministry of Truth\'a1\'b1, \'a1\'b0Ministry of Plenty\'a1\'b1 and \'a1\'b0Ministry of Peace\'a1\'b1 are inspired by English author George Orwell\'a1\'afs Nineteen Eighty-Four, published in 1949.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\insrsid13187385 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595b8bdb46147e2ff43f08bd3bbe49be2cf1065bb69336bb49889d943cceda636bb2238dd18c776342a0244f7d2914d2d28706fad6
87521a68a0a12ffd310b1bdaf447f4cc489667ec71f6420aa1640d8b34face996fce39face48ba7aed51449d239c70c2e2965bbe52721d1c8fd898c4d3967b6f
d82f345c870b148f1165316eb90bccdd6bbb9f7e7215ed881047d801fb98efa0961b0a31db2916f9088611bfc26638866b13964448c069322d8e13740c7e235a
ac944ab5628448ec3a318ac0ededc9848cb033942edddda5f31e85d358703930a2c940bac68685c28e0fcb12c1173ca089738468cb8579c6ec78881f09d7a188
0bb8d0724beacf2dee5e2da29dcc888a2db69a5d5ffd657699c1f8b0a2e64ca607f9a49ee77bb576ee5f01a8d8c4f5eabd5aaf96fb5300341ac14a532eba4fbf
d3ec74fd0cab81d2438bef6ebd5b2d1b78cd7f758373db973f03af40a97f6f03dfef07104503af4029dedfc07b5ebd1278065e81527c6d035f2fb5bb5eddc02b
5048497cb8812ef9b56ab05c6d0e99307ac30a6ffa5ebf5ec99caf50500d7975c929262c16db6a2d420f59d2078004522448ec88c50c4fd008aa3840941c24c4
d923d3100a6f8662c661b85429f54b55f82f7f9e3a5211413b1869d6921730e11b43928fc34709998996fb39787535c8e9ebd7274f5f9d3cfdfde4d9b393a7bf
66732b5786dd0d144f75bbb73f7df3cf8b2f9dbf7ffbf1edf36fd3a9d7f15cc7bff9e5ab377ffcf92ef7b0e255284ebf7bf9e6d5cbd3efbffeebe7e716efed04
1de8f0218930776ee163e72e8b608116fef820b998c5304444b768c7538e622467b1f8ef89d040df5a208a2cb80e36e3783f01a9b101afcf1f1a8407613217c4
e2f1661819c07dc6688725d628dc947369611ecee3a97df264aee3ee2274649b3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b34ef50140b34c531168ebcc60e31b6acee
0121465cf7c928619c4d84f380381d44ac21199203a39a56463748047959d80842be8dd8ecdf773a8cda56ddc5472612ee0d442de487981a61bc8ee602453697
4314513de07b48843692834532d2713d2e20d3534c99d31b63ce6d36b71358af96f49b2033f6b4efd345642213410e6d3ef710633ab2cb0e831045331b7640e2
50c77ec60fa144917387091b7c9f9977883c873ca0786bbaef136ca4fb6c35b8070aab535a1588bc324f2cb9bc8e9951bf83059d20aca4061a80a1eb1189cf14
f93579f7ff3b7907113dfde1856545ef47d2ed8e8d7c5c50ccdb09b1de4d37d6247c1b6e5db803968cc987afdb5d348fef60b855369bd747d9fe28dbeeff5eb6
b7ddcfef5fac57fa0cd22db7ade9765d6ddea3ad7bf709a174201614ef71b57de7d095c67d189476eab915e7cf72b3100ee59d0c1318b86982948d9330f10511
e1204433d8e3975de964ca33d753eecc1887adbf1ab6fa96783a8ff6d9387d642d97e5e3692a1e1c89d578c9cfc7e17143a4e85a7df51896bb576ca7ea717949
40da5e8484369949a26a21515f0eca20a98773089a85845ad97b61d1b4b06848f7cb546db0006a795660dbe4c066abe5fa1e9880113c55218ac7324f69aa97d9
55c97c9f99de164ca302600fb1ac8055a69b92ebd6e5c9d5a5a5768e4c1b24b4723349a8c8a81ec64334c65975cad1f3d0b868ae9bab941af46428d47c505a2b
1af5c6bb585c36d760b7ae0d34d69582c6ce71cbad557d2899119ab5dc093cfac3613483dae172bb8be814de9f8d4492def097519659c24517f1300db8129d54
0d222270e25012b55cb9fc3c0d34561aa2b8952b20081f2cb926c8ca87460e926e26194f267824f4b46b2332d2e929287caa15d6abcafcf26069c9e690ee4138
3e760ee83cb98ba0c4fc7a5906704c38bc012aa7d11c1378a5990bd9aafed61a5326bbfa3b455543e938a2b310651d4517f314aea43ca7a3cef2186867d99a21
a05a48b2467830950d560faad14df3ae9172d8da75cf369291d34473d5330d55915dd3ae62c60ccb36b016cbcb35798dd532c4a0697a874fa57b5d729b4bad5b
db27e45d02029ec7cfd275cfd110346aabc90c6a92f1a60c4bcdce46cddeb15ce019d4ced32434d5af2dddaec52def11d6e960f0529d1fecd6ab168626cb7da5
8ab4faf6a17f9e60070f413cbaf022784e0557a9848f0f09820dd140ed4952d9805be491c86e0d3872e60969b98f4b7edb0b2a7e502835fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f
570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed549e4063116154f6d3ef2e7d780d4517d9d71735bef105265abe69bb32625191a92f2c45455c7d812957b67f81710888cee35aa5df
ac363bb542b3daee17bc6ea7516806b54ea15b0beadd7e37f01bcdfe13d7395260af5d0dbc5aaf51a89583a0e0d54a927ea359a87b954adbabb71b3daffd24db
c6c0ca53f9c86201e155bc76ff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72
656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c08
2e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd0
8a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa
4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f
6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72
656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210007b740aaca0600008f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200
007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000
00d40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cf0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000d0ad
0c67d43bd901feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}